Tagging (#269)
justeat/JustEat.StatsD: README.md

|-------------------|-------------------------|--------------------------------|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| Host              | `string`                |                                | The host name or IP address of the StatsD server. There is no default, this must be set.                |
| Port              | `int`                   | `8125`                         | The StatsD port.                                                                                        |
| DnsLookupInterval | `TimeSpan?`             | `5 minutes`                    | Length of time to cache the host name to IP address lookup. Only used when "Host" contains a host name. |
| Prefix            | `string`                | `string.Empty`                 | Prepend a prefix to all stats.                                                                          |
| SocketProtocol    | `SocketProtocol`, one of `Udp`, `IP`| `Udp`              | Type of socket to use when sending stats to the server.                                                 |

> | TagsStyle         | `TagsStyle`, one of `Disabled`, `DataDog`, `InfluxDb`, `Librato`, `SignalFx`| `Disabled` | Format used for tags fir the different providers.                       |

Reviewer: Hi Martin, thanks for the feedback! I will inject the IStatsDTagsFormatter instead.

> | TagsStyle         | `TagsStyle`, one of `Disabled`, `DataDog`, `InfluxDb`, `Librato`, `SignalFx`| `Disabled` | Format used for tags fir the different providers.                       |

Reviewer: Hi Martin, I have already injected the IStatsDTagsFormatter and include the supported out-of-the-box in the class SupportedTagsFormatter.

| DnsLookupInterval | `TimeSpan?`             | `5 minutes`                    | Length of time to cache the host name to IP address lookup. Only used when "Host" contains a host name. |
| Prefix            | `string`                | `string.Empty`                 | Prepend a prefix to all stats.                                                                          |
| SocketProtocol    | `SocketProtocol`, one of `Udp`, `IP`| `Udp`              | Type of socket to use when sending stats to the server.                                                 |

> | TagsFormatter     | `IStatsDTagsFormatter`  | `NoOpTagsFormatter`            | Format used for tags for the different providers. Out-of-the-box formatter at `SupportedTagsFormatter`. |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| TagsFormatter     | `IStatsDTagsFormatter`  | `NoOpTagsFormatter`            | Format used for tags for the different providers. Out-of-the-box formatters can be accessed using the `SupportedTagsFormatter` class. |
```

* [SignalFX](https://docs.signalfx.com/en/latest/integrations/agent/monitors/collectd-statsd.html#adding-dimensions-to-statsd-metrics).
* [Splunk](https://docs.splunk.com/Documentation/Splunk/8.0.5/Metrics/GetMetricsInStatsd).

```csharp
var config = new StatsDConfiguration
{
    Prefix = "prefix",
    Host = "127.0.0.1",
    TagsFormatter = SupportedTagsFormatter.CloudWatch,
};
```

##### Extending tags formatter

As tags are not part of the StatsD specification, the `IStatsDTagsFormatter` used can be extended and injected in the `StatsDConfiguration`.

The template class `StatsDTagsFormatter` can be inherited providing:

* **prefix**: the string that will appear before the tag(s).
* **suffix**: the string that will appear after the tag(s).
* **areBucketNameTags**: a boolean indicating if the tag(s) are placed right after the bucket name (like it is supported by InfluxDB, Librato or SignalFX) or otherwise at the end of the StatsD message (like it is supported by AWS CloudWatch, DataDog or Splunk).
* **tagsSeparator**: the string that will be placed between tags.
* **keyValueSeparator**: the string that will be placed between the tag key and its value.

> A new implementation of `IStatsDTagsFormatter` can be written from scratch. For this purpose there are available extension methods to write in the `Buffer`.

Reviewer 2: I guess this sentence can be dropped with the refactor to hide away the buffers?

The default behaviour is to ignore the error.

#### Tagging support

Tags or dimensions are not covered by the StatsD specification. Providers supporting tags have implemented their flavours:

* [DataDog](https://docs.datadoghq.com/developers/dogstatsd/datagram_shell/?tab=metrics) and [Splunk](https://docs.splunk.com/Documentation/Splunk/8.0.5/Metrics/GetMetricsInStatsd).
* [InfluxDB](https://www.influxdata.com/blog/getting-started-with-sending-statsd-metrics-to-telegraf-influxdb/#introducing-influx-statsd).
* [Librato](https://github.com/librato/statsd-librato-backend#tags).

> * [SignalFX](https://docs.signalfx.com/en/latest/integrations/agent/monitors/collectd-statsd.html#adding-dimensions-to-statsd-metrics).

Reviewer: Let me check the CloudWatch format and I will try to add it today as well. Thank you for the feedback!

> * [SignalFX](https://docs.signalfx.com/en/latest/integrations/agent/monitors/collectd-statsd.html#adding-dimensions-to-statsd-metrics).

Reviewer: It seems that CloudWatch is supporting the same format than DataDof and Splunk: https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AmazonCloudWatch/latest/monitoring/CloudWatch-Agent-custom-metrics-statsd.html

> * [SignalFX](https://docs.signalfx.com/en/latest/integrations/agent/monitors/collectd-statsd.html#adding-dimensions-to-statsd-metrics).

Reviewer: Included in the documentation and in the class SupportedTagsFormatter.
